zh, en: add some description about configurations (#735)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/source-configuration-file.md

#   expires: 0
#   remain-space: 15

# checker:
#   check-enable: true
#   backoff-rollback: 5m0s

> #   backoff-max: 5m0s       # The max value of backoff, should be larger than 1s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   backoff-max: 5m0s       # The maximum value of backoff, should be larger than 1s
```

>
> The automatic data purge strategy only takes effect when `interval` is not 0 and at least one of the two configuration items `expires` and `remain-space` is not 0.

### Task status checker configuration (`checker`)

> DM periodically checks the current task status and error message, to determine if resuming the task will eliminate the error, and automatically retries to resume the task if needed. DM adjusts the checking interval using an exponential backoff strategy. These behaviors can be adjusted by the following configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DM periodically checks the current task status and error message to determine if resuming the task will eliminate the error. If needed, DM automatically retries to resume the task. DM adjusts the checking interval using the exponential backoff strategy. Its behaviors can be adjusted by the following configuration.
```

| Parameter        | Description                                    |
| :------------ | :--------------------------------------- |

> | `check-enable` | Whether enables this feature. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `check-enable` | Whether to enable this feature. |
```
